Update Sass docs to mention compiling and including (#38538)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/customize/sass.md

With that setup in place, you can begin to modify any of the Sass variables and maps in your `custom.scss`. You can also start to add parts of Bootstrap under the `// Optional` section as needed. We suggest using the full import stack from our `bootstrap.scss` file as your starting point.

## Compiling

> In order to use your custom Sass code as CSS in the browser, you need a Sass compiler. Sass ships as a CLI package, but you can also compile it with other build tools like [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/) or [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/), or with a GUI application like [CodeKit](https://codekitapp.com/) or [Prepros](https://prepros.io/). Some IDEs also have Sass compilers built in or as downloadable extensions.

Reviewer: I think it's good to provide examples but CodeKit and Prepros seem to be paid products, so I'm not sure it is our "role" to emphasize some paid tools. I don't have a strong opinion here or the answer, I just got doubts on my side in order to be fair with all products out there :)

We like to use the CLI to compile our Sass, but you can use whichever method you prefer. From the command line, run the following:

```shell
# Install Sass globally
npm install -g sass

> # Watches your custom Sass for changes and compiles it to CSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Watch your custom Sass for changes and compile it to CSS
```
Like "Install"
